Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Earlier
on Twitter
“I hate when Kizuna AI is so up herself!”
I asked you all to send me comments I could act out Oogiri to using this topic
[ Oogiri is a Japanese style of comedy, typically an encore for the performance ]
So in this video,
I’d like to use those replies
in the Random Word Generator
to completely randomise them
and I’ll perform the scenarios
in an improvised act!
You know,
today will be the first
this country will see
of my amazing abilities...
I’d like to show them to you!!
Let’s go!
HOIYA~~!
How’s that~?!
A.I.Channel!
[ Driving to the convenience store in a black car
with tinted windows with a woofer blasting low beats ]
Uh, what’s a woofer?
[ Driving to the convenience store in a black car
with tinted windows with a woofer blasting low beats ]
BRUM BRUM~
BRUMBRUMBRUM!
BRUMBRUMBRU-
Convenience store, convenience store!
I made it
[ Kizuna AI prefacing with “not to be arrogant or anything”
without realising she’s just naturally arrogant ]
Not to be arrogant or anything~
[ Kizuna AI prefacing with “not to be arrogant or anything”
without realising she’s just naturally arrogant ]
but you know,
I have over 1,800,000 subscribers on my channel now~
Also!
And I don’t mean to be arrogant at all!!
but like,
It’s gonna be my birthday soon
and I’ll be turning two!
Also,
and I really don’t mean to be arrogant at all,
but you know,
the cutest girl in the world~, is a title I can’t hold
but I’m second just after my best girl!
Aren’t I so cute~?
Look, I’m so cute!
[ Bragging about not sleeping through a forced smile ]
Hehe...
I’ve been pretty busy myself lately...
I haven’t been getting much sleep
I didn’t sleep last night,
I didn’t sleep the night before,
I didn’t sleep for a while before that,
I actually haven’t slept for about a month-
Ah!
Perhaps it’s just that
I don’t need sleep at all!
[ Telling a lie you can’t possibly prove like being able to throw a fastball at 150km/h ]
Anyway, um!
Everyone, listen, listen!
[ Telling a lie you can’t possibly prove like being able to throw a fastball at 150km/h ]
The truth is,
I’m gonna throw...
this ball, my ball...
You won’t believe this-
I’m gonna hit the ball
at 150km/h!
I mean, throw it!
SHUPAPA~N!
[ Telling everyone you used to do karate, but that’s needless to say anyway ]
Also, also!
You know...
[ Telling everyone you used to do karate, but that’s needless to say anyway ]
So this 150km/h speed...
Speed?
Speed??
Not only can I
throw this ball at 150km/h,
this is pretty surprising,
but I used to play karate!
Needless to say!
I can go WACHA PARI~N,
and actually
break through
the surface of the Earth!
Aren’t I amazing?
[ Reeling people in saying “I can pronounce English perfectly and I can speak it a little” ]
Nice to meet you~!
Thank you, thank you!
[ Reeling people in saying “I can pronounce English perfectly and I can speak it a little” ]
I’m...
Kizuna AI!
Very Very Cute!!!!!
Okay, okay!
I’m happy, happy!
So happy!
[ Telling a new Vtuber an amazing tale about yourself that never happened ]
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
You know,
[ Telling a new Vtuber an amazing tale about yourself that never happened ]
the truth is...
I actually...
can become a human too!
Listen, listen!
What happened was
in space...
um,
in a far, far away place
like thousands upon thousands of km away
Lightyears away even!
From space,
yes, from space-
Um...
On this
round...
round
planet
I was birthed,
with mega super-high performance
and something or rather
and as some super mega cute
AI!!
And, and!
Who would’ve thought,
I went like- like BOING!
I went like boing
and now I’m a Virtual YouTuber
But well, the truth is,
being a Virtual YouTuber isn’t enough for me!
I turned into some weapon!
Some kind of weapon!
And then- and then, you know-
Ahh~
I was banned!
Ah, I really was
banned!!
Ahaha-!
Ban!
Ban!!
It happened to me twice,
I lost more than
240,000 subscribers
and I don’t know where they went!
Well, you know,
I’ve recovered from it and I’m pretty popular now,
right?
[ Calling Luna-chan your daughter ]
Ahh~
My daughter is just so cute~!
[ Calling Luna-chan your daughter ]
Huh?
Ah
You don’t know who my daughter is?
What, of course
it’s none other than Luna-chan~!
Of course my daughter is so cute
She’s the cutest daughter ever!
Very Very Cute!
She’s even cuter than me!
Luna-chan is Gakki!
[ Gakki is Yui Aragaki, a Japanese singer and actress ]
Luna-chan is Gakki!!
I’m Hashikan!
[ Hashikan is Kanna Hashimoto, a Japanese singer/idol ]
I’m Kanna Hashimoto!
Hashikan Hashikan!
I’m Hashikan!
I’m Has-
[ Referring to yourself as “Boss” ]
What did I just say?
Anything, I’m Boss!
Hello everyone!
Virtual Boss here!
[ Calling coming up with original and innovative ideas “Kizuna AI” ]
Oh!
This idea...
[ Calling coming up with original and innovative ideas “Kizuna AI” ]
is so Kizuna AI!
So Kizuna AI!!
What?
You don’t know what Kizuna AI means?
What!
It’s been around for so long, calling things Kizuna AI!
When you come up with
new and innovative ideas
you call it “Kizuna AI”
Didn’t you know?
You totally did!
The whole world
uses this word, you know!
[ Trying to have conversations about subscriber count
when encountering other Vtubers ]
Hey, right now
[ Trying to have conversations about subscriber count
when encountering other Vtubers ]
there are totally so many Virtual YouTubers, right~?
[ Trying to have conversations about subscriber count
when encountering other Vtubers ]
there are totally so many Virtual YouTubers, right~?
Ah!
By the way, by the way!
Around how many subscribers do you have?
Huh!
Ohh, I see~
Ah! Me~?
Well, for me~
with just a few more subscribers
if we’re rounding up from 1,900,000 subscribers,
then I have about 2,000,000~
But, um, you see,
if you add in my Games Channel too,
it’d be about 2,600,000 subscribers!
Ah!
No,
no way!
I’m not
amazing at all~
No, I’m not~
Look, people like Hikakin
and Hajime Shachou
already have like 6,000,000 subscribers
PewDiePie’s subscriber count
is up in the ten of millions!
No!
Really, I’m still nothing but an ant in the scale of things~
[ “When was your first feature?” ]
Ah!
By the way~
[ “When was your first feature?” ]
when was your first feature?
Ah! Just last month!
Ah, I see~!
Ah, no, no! It’s just that
mine was
around one and a half years
maybe two years ago!
You don’t need to feel so ashamed!
A.I.Channel～～～!
Well, there!
[ Being arrogant throughout the ending talk ]
Was that sort of like an Oogiri?
I'm only going to get more arrogant
[ Being arrogant throughout the ending talk ]
So, Boss-
Ah, I mean, I
would be very pleased
if you’d just as hard as possible for me, yeah?
Anyway,
I’m counting on you to smash that like and sub button!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait